you
hi guys i'm tamil and in this video i'm
going to show you how to fight wreath
with the weapon of your choice as you
probably aware you're supposed to fight
wreath with the solar trans weapon so
the first thing you need to do is have
the soul of trans equipped either one of
them
the swords dual weapon or the heavy then
you need to tap the blue circle and the
sword at the top middle of your screen
at the exact same time
and that's the way you can change to the
weapon of your choice in this case I
decided I wanted to fighting with the
shard
so that I looked more like the iron
guard even though I didn't have the
shield but the shard is your weapons
so that's the way you can choose
whichever weapon you want just tap the
blue circle and the sword at the top and
then when you go back to the fight it's
straight into the fight and you can do
the same with the sky cage Titans if you
don't want to use the weapons that they
require again you need to have them quit
before you tap the blue circle ends at
the top sword at the exact same time so
I can't show you the rest of my fight
with me I get through him quite quickly
because I have a high attack and here he
is doing one who step backs which is a
double dodge to the right and then two
ducks I've got a video on lead step
backs you might want to check that out
if you want to see them in more detail
the good thing about reap is you can
carry all of his moves except the kick
so I recommend getting used to
smooth because he becomes quite easy to
finish off once you are familiar with
him and if you dodge the last hit then
you'll get a longer break window and if
you get perfect Paris then you can ads
attacks to your brake window so in that
case I got a step back and I wasn't hit
so there's four exclamation marks and I
also got two perfect pairings so that
meant I could attack him with eight
combos and then an ultra and you can
definitely get through him faster the
more you get perfect parries and also
dodge the last hit I definitely
recommend using your weapons with me
because then you don't have to have any
stats in shield and if you're playing
new game and going higher and higher up
then he gets rather almost impossible to
defeat if you're using sword and shield
or heavy because he takes so many points
of your shield it isn't actually
impossible because you can use a
combination of gems and also a lot of
stat points in your shield but it's
definitely very hard that way and so the
sooner you get used to fighting him with
your weapons the easier it will be for
you as you go up higher new games he
gives a lot of XP so he's definitely
worth fighting in this case I didn't
have any XP games or potion so Y only
gave me just over three million XP
points normally I can get up to 20 from
him and don't forget the large chests
after you fight him that's it from me
guys hope you enjoyed the video please
like comment and subscribe if you did
and also check out Infinity Blade
masters and subscribe thanks a lot for
watching see you next time